feat: workflow to commit dist folder for release (#9)
bitcoin-dev-project/bdp-ui: README.md

**An open-source UI component library for the Bitcoin Dev Project (BDP) Apps**

## Installation

To install the BDP-UI library, you can use the following command:

```bash
yarn add github:bitcoin-dev-project/bdp-ui 
```
or 
```bash
npm install github:bitcoin-dev-project/bdp-ui
```

## Usage

Once installed, you can import the components you need from the library:

> note: you can setup an entry point in your project config to `/dist` to fix the autcomplete and linting issues. or in typescript you can use the `paths` property in tsconfig.json to fix the import paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
note: you can set up an entry point in your project config to `/dist` to fix the autocomplete and linting issues. Or in typescript, you can use the `paths` property in tsconfig.json to fix the import paths.
```
